##### People today spend too much time on personal enjoyment -- doing things they like to do -- rather than doing things they should do.

Prosperity in economy is not the only characteristic of modern society in which individuals are given great freedom on their choice of life as well. Old generations have a strong tendency to put diligence, efforts and everything they they assume they 'should' do as priority in life, where I must disagree and argue that people have a concrete reason to attain more personal enjoyment.

Personal enjoyment is **among** the most efficient methods that release stress. People in modern societies which are often prospered but overpopulated, under fierce competitions, are confronted with various sources of stress such as employment, marriage and family. Recreational activities including hanging out, going to bars and being a couch potato offers people that are probably approaching even deeper depression with temporary relaxation, erasing their miserable memories or fear about the tough situation. ~~Study~~Investigation also shows that individuals have more favorable performance after entertainment. ~~In conclusion~~Therefore, personal enjoyment is one of the reasonable things that modern people 'should' do.

As I mentioned above, contemporary societies offer choice of life more than wealth, which implies that personal enjoyment can in turn become part of a job that brings considerable profit. Twitch, for instance, is a website with over a million active users broadcasting live when they play video games. The website makes enormous profit merely by inserting 10-second advertisement ahead of the streaming, part of which is fed back to the host as a reward or stimulus for better compositions. Some outstanding hosts have already made live streaming their primary job. In a sense, personal enjoyment inspires earnings in contemporary context.

**Admittedly**, It is universally acknowledged though that survival is so crucial that anything else can hardly matter without the basis of it, as a consequence of which a reasonable person is expected to commit virtually all his endeavor to it instead of idling around lost in overmuch leisure, for the sake of his life quality and even his offspring's. However, as time changes, modern societies have made it less costly for one to enter the middle class but relatively much harsher for a middle class to continue any further, not to mention countless tiny vexing problems one might encounter daily. It may after all be acceptable to pursue abundant happiness right now,  expanding the schedule for fun by an appropriate scale, rather than to chase joy far away in prospect, tortured.

In conclusion, people have the right and the necessity for a looser timetable where more personal enjoyment is arranged. **展望** It is expected as well that with the advancement of society, the proportion of leisure time should rise even more in the future.

-----

##### :star: Life today is easier and more comfortable than it was then your grandparents were children.

The pursuit for happiness is one of the eternal topics along with the advancement of society, among which life quality has a great proportion of contribution to it. People today might be vexed by fiercer competition and stressed nerves at work, but it is hardly reasonable, from my perspective, that they complain about simplicity and convenience in modern life.

People today are enjoying manifold commodities and flourishing market. Our grandparents, as they constantly told us, lived a tough life as children. Chances were minor that they could have a meal with meat except near the end of a year, compared to us many of whom are suppressing the lure from a cheese burger by keeping a diet because meat is so approachable today that obesity becomes a matter of time with ignorance. Coke, Xbox, Macbook and everything you can name were never accessible or merely did not exist at that time, while modern people have to struggle between a Coke or a Pepsi at the grocery. It is such a comfort to live in contemporary world where it is always a multiple choice before the shelf.

Daily routines are getting extremely painless nowadays. Thanks to enormous advancement in data science and information technology as well as businesses with acute foresight, various optimization has been brought from theory to real life intended to accelerate or totally replace those tedious tasks that may have been torturing ordinary people for decades. ~~Our grandparents~~Previous people probably never imagined in their youth that they can contact with friends who are thousands miles away with live face chat, just like in person, while our generation has long taken ultrafast 4G cellular telecommunication for granted. They would not, definitely, ever expected that they would wait at home in cosiness for packages to arrive at their door automatically that contain the refrigerator ordered online yesterday or even takeaway dinner prepared a moment ago in an adjacent restaurant. It is therefore never exaggerated that daily life today is hundreds of times superior to the past.

Modern individuals have much more control over the course of life. Prosperity in economy and liberation in mind grant modern people the privilege of deliberate neglect over others' interference which usually poses stress on one's nerves. Our grandparents, however, were incessantly instructed to be cautious about if their words and behavior were consistent with orthodox ideology, unfortunately compelled to waste considerable energy on responding prudently towards gossip, not to mention that marriage or even an intimate relation without approval from parents was considered dissolute. People today, contrarily, have been virtually rid of the countless trivial constraints mentally and physically, attaining  independence in choice of life.

**Overall**, People seem to complain about air quality and stress at work sometimes, expressing an inclination for life in the old days. However, if they were really given the chance to go back, they would, from my perspective, hesitate, mute and joking. After all, modern life is so simpler and has so much more to enjoy.

-----

##### Some people say that the Internet provides people with a lot of valuable information, Others think access to much information creates problems.

Internet is undoubtedly one of the greatest inventions throughout history, allowing unimaginably enormous volume of information to flow globally at an incredible velocity. Despite its irreplaceable convenience, people are pervasively concerned about its negative side, which, from my perspective, hardly overweighs the correspondents.

Easy transfer of giant amount of information on the Internet enables great possibilities. These possibilities are contributing to extents including optimization of daily routines, academic communication and knowledge pervasion. Thanks to the web, people are able to shop online on websites like Amazon, make payment afterwards with a credit card and wait in cosiness for free delivery instead of driving a pickup for miles for a new television. Before the era of the Internet, academic journals were only accessible in paper print version, usually in an annual bundle, which greatly constrained scientists from acknowledging latest research frontier, while scientists today are accustomed to automatically updated notification on newly published articles, not to mention that even those extremely aged publications composed when computer was not invented have largely been digitalized with optical character recognition technology. Wikipedia, Stackoverflow and many other sites are definitely replacing cumbersome conventional encyclopedias, doing a superior job in spreading knowledge to the public.

Internet, where everyone has a right to express ideas, is an extended realm of consensual democracy that pushes mass media and government towards transparency. It has been long suspected in conspiracies that the media are assisting government to conceal dirty truths from the mass who have the natural tendency to trust newspapers and television. On the Internet, however, a tiny scandal spreads so swiftly that it jeopardizes a company or a government overnight. Even if a government is dominant enough to erase every records on the newspapers and mute every television channel, millions of inconspicuous forums in the corners of the web keep the stains for decades to come. Public organizations, consequently, are facilitated to be trustworthy and reasonable, providing rich transparent information about their work process. Those priceless information on the Internet, undoubtedly, promotes less corrupt societies.

It is, however, a prevailing opinion that the giant volume of data online is a source of trouble, where personal privacy, as people are widely concerned, is somehow threatened, and fluctuation in society might increase, challenging the authority of governments. Fair as all of these concerns are, the preponderance of information boom, from my perspective, can never be exaggerated or considered inferior to the trouble it causes since it has generally served a good purpose so far and later artificial intelligence driven by deep learning theory and, certainly, enormous set of data is extensively anticipated to tackle many of contemporarily unsolvable problems.

In conclusion, the Internet is generally positive when it comes to the huge amount of valuable information it offers. **展望** It is anticipated, from my perspective, that the value of Internet is going to be appreciated by

-----

##### :pencil: Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? In order for a business to be successful, it must put more money into advertising.

Walking down the street, chances are minor that no advertisement is inside your sight. For decision makers in marketing department of almost any company, it seems an external question whether sufficient budget has been arranged for advertising. A successful modern company, at least from my perspective, ought to have abundant proportion of ~~budget~~investment intended for advertising.

Advertising is imperative to production under modern context. In order for a firm to be successful, production must increase which is virtually equivalent to appealing to more customers to your brand. Public awareness, consequently, is essential, as it determines the number of potential patronizers where advertising is obviously the most swift and painless approach to get people acknowledged, not to mention that contemporary market is extremely saturated where virtually any realm of product or service is somehow covered by some company, or it is even much more likely that several companies providing seemingly identical services are competing fiercely for dominance. In this case, advertising is literally the last solution.

Advertising facilitates formation of public relations. A successful company nowadays no longer dominates the market on it own. Rather, it accompanied with an alliance that rules the market together. Advertising is definitely ~~useful~~favorable in building relations with pioneers in other fields. Movie stars, for instance, are frequently invited to filming television commercials as they allure millions of ~~their~~ fans, and thus a relation with the celebrity can be established for the sake of future cooperations. Apple, for example, ~~often~~constantly introduces their products such as iPhone and iPod in special red edition in cooperation with Product Red, a global non-profit fund that aims at eliminating AIDS, to promote its commitment to charity. **Nike, Starbucks and many other lead-takers follow the same practice as well.** People nowadays are expecting to see commercial companies assuming social responsibilities and possessing noble senses like being environmentally friendly and being sympathetic for Africa, where advertising is a must to cultivate people's homage towards the brand by notifying people the endeavor.

Admittedly, the quality and honesty should always rank top in evaluating a business. It had long been a prevailing opinion that a company with fine products do not need advertising which was considered all fraud. However, as economy booms, market is getting saturated, fulfilled with competitive identical service providers, while people are losing patience. After all, it takes considerable much more vigor to identify fine quality and laudable companies that do not advertise than to make do with the commodities appearing in an advertisement that works fine.

In conclusion, it is reasonable to put more budget on advertising for the sake of future success and dominance. With the advancement of society as well as increase in people's demand for commercial morality, its proportion is bound to rise yet again.

-----

##### :pencil: Movies and television have more negative effects than positive effects on the way young people behave.

Agree.

Mass media of the new generation like movies and television are so prevailing that they have already jeopardized conventional media such as newspapers and magazines. When people hold the pervasive opinion about their preponderance, it is, from my perspective, undeniable that these new dynamic media are imposing more negative impact on the behavior of the juvenile and the young than ever.

Movies and television are so time-consuming that the young generations invest considerable time into them. Movies, for instance, are transiently shown in cinema for a very short period of time, as a consequence of which movie-lovers -- mainly the young -- have to fulfill the cinema, pausing their task of study. Televisions, again, requires even more time than movies because TV stations are so flourishing nowadays that it never hurts to find a live program at any time of a day appealing to a teenager's taste. Contrarily, conventional media like newspapers allow one to pick them up and consume whenever it is convenient for one and to drop them and head for tasks whenever time is up. Due to the transient nature of movies and television, the young generations are losing patience, dedication and the sense of categorizing tasks into various ~~superiorities~~priorities, as nothing would prevent them shifting away concentration from their current job when their favorite TV shows are presenting.

The impact from the content of modern media, however, is even more grievous. As economy booms and society advances, movies and televisions are seeking their way through this massive recreational atmosphere, by producing less nutritious compositions with as much entertainment, luxury and stimulus as possible to meet the appetite of contemporary audience who, after yet another exhausting day at work, hopes to release stress. When these contents reach teenagers, they become inappropriate, misleading the young who have probably never truly stepped into realistic society yet to believe that what is presented on the show is what they will see in reality. Consequently, the young generations have a tendency to imitate the unfavorable behavior of the stars in the compositions such as brute language and radical emotion which are likely to be exaggerated for the sake of better rendering or simply ratings.

Admittedly, movies and televisions are excellent media that have been doing an splendid job since the very start of their inventions at pervading novel knowledge and ideas to the public. Moreover, they are gradually being considered new forms of art under modern context. However, due to lack of grading mechanism for long and people's weak consensus on their negative effects, movies and televisions are doing more damage to their behavior inside out than ever imagined. In conclusion, emphasis must be placed on guiding teenagers to identify the good part.

** 50' **

-----

##### :pencil: Do you agree or disagree: today advertising is less honest than it was in the past, for that reason it is less useful for people to choose what they want to buy.

The reliability of advertisements has been doubted since the very start of its invention dated back thousands of years ago. As the economy booms in recent decades, substantial advertisements by virtually every company in the world has been flourishing, obscuring our sight everywhere, when their dependability is under heated discussion again. Modern advertisements, from my perspective, are truly less trustworthy in conveying concrete message about the product and guiding people's choice than it used to be and there are several reasons that follow.

Competition in market is getting more acute. Prosperity in economy has granted people a multiple choice in front of the shelf at the grocery, as well as a saturated market where multiple companies provide identical products or services. In this case, companies are expelled to exaggerate in their advertising techniques to appeal to swinging customers to their brand. Coca Cola, for instance, put their single paged advertisement on magazines in the 1950s with only an image of a vivid glass of Coke spanning across the whole page and a big title before it, at which time Pepsi was perceived hardly able to survive. Not until 1980s, however, Pepsi recovered from an inch away aside extinction and suddenly possessed over 15% of the market share, did Coca Cola set out to promote dynamic television commercials, in which fantasies with exaggeratively vigorous shots were taking place. Even today Coca Cola's advertisements still inherit its aged conventions, rendering its capabilities of suppressing thirstiness as much as possible while it is universally acknowledged that Coke contains so much sugar that it can only make you feel even thirstier.

People are generally powerless towards fraud advertising. Prudent advertisers are accustomed to a tiny tag at the corner of a poster or display that says 'for reference only' so that it usually avoids potential accusation towards its unfaithfulness, let alone that the majority would rather see the product themselves than trust an advertisement without any motive of charge, as a consequence of which modern advertisements generally are in charge of cultivating public awareness towards a specific brand more than convincing people. Moreover, unless one suffers from great loss due to dishonesty of an advertisement so that he is forced to argue against the brand representatives at court, considerable energy and fare are giant obstacles between victims and justice.

Admittedly, advertising remains a trustworthy source of potential costumers and a bunch of companies that believe in quality and regular costumer satisfaction are persistently cautious at advertising even nowadays. It is, unfortunately though, undeniable that posters and television commercials turn out tedious ornament that are either everywhere on the street or notifying viewers to refill their beverage before their favorite TV shows.

In conclusion, advertising functioning as dependable origins of commodities is disappearing, replaced by its greater function as public awareness raiser and a piece of fine arts that best transfers the noble philosophy of the brand. It is anticipated that as society advances, advertisements will continue to be even lovelier before eyes but less faithful in mind.

** 50' ** :new_moon_with_face:

-----

TPO 34

##### :pencil: Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Educating children is a more difficult task today than it was in the past because they spend so much time on cell phone, online games, and social networking website.

Generation gaps exist between every two generations in reality, but it was not until the very recent that gaps between the latest two generations seem so considerably enlarged, with increasing complaints from parents that education becomes a tough task which in my opinion is a truth. However, distractions like the prevailing smart phones and online games, on which the majority of parents blame for their children being untamable, from my perspective, hardly count as the primary reason.

Education is getting increasingly costly nowadays. Prosperity in economy has granted virtually every family the pervading basic education at an affordable price, while premium education that enables children to develop a more solid knowledge base remains a scarce kind of resource beyond the reach of common middle-class families. Driven by the uncontrollable desire to cultivate more successful descendants in order to facilitate future opportunities for the family to move up in society, parents are compelled to pay as heavily  as in a gamble for upgraded education that aims more at inspiring children's potential talents. After all, that strong desire originates largely from middle-class parent's anxiety in hoping to preserve the family's social status in a society that is anticipated to be more fiercer in competition.

Education is hurting children, so they have to rebel in some ways. Education nowadays is not any longer as simple as countable subjects like maths and language. Children are expected to be skillful at literally everything, from dancing to playing a musical instrument. Deep in their heart, the amusement park or a family picnic accompanied with parents and friends is where they belong, rather than these tedious courses. However,

Admittedly, much more accessible means of entertainment as distractions do have an impact on children, making them rebellious against parents' wills, not to mention substantial inappropriate contents confront the immature. However, these distractions would never really matter, if children were otherwise engaged in the activities that appeal to them, without unfavorable after-school courses. Simply owing faults to recreational devices and facilities is never the cure to

**35' 不知道怎么写下去了**
